1
Can animals establish a traumatic bond?
A farmer put a camera because he heard the dogs barking every night, and he saw this.he leopard comes every night to meet the cow and the cow licks its head.The man spoke with the previous owner of the cow and found out that the leopard's mother had died when it was only twenty days old and since then the cow had fed the leopard with her milk. Therefore, the leopard thinks that the cow is her mother and comes every night to see her.
2
What known materials exist in space but not on earth?
These are elements like helium, neon, argon, krypton, xenon and radon. They're called noble because they don't like to mix with other elements and form molecules.In space weird stuff happens.There are some crazy conditions out there that make these noble gases do things they would never do on Earth.Like forming molecules with other elements. Molecules with noble gases.
3
How can one make money starting a blog?
There are a variety of ways to earn money online. Having a blog and monetizing it is a great example of earning income and having fun doing so.To earn money through a blog there are several important factors to cover: your niche, website, and dedication. All of them are closely related to each other and are crucial factors if you wish to earn money through blogging. Let's talk about that.
4
What is Indian dinner diet for weight loss?
We come across thousands of diets for weight loss that promise to fulfil our idea of easy and hassle-free transformation. However, there isn’t any quick and easy way to lose weight. It is best to find diet plans that adhere to our lifestyle.One must eat a balanced meal rich in protein, carbs, fibre and healthy fats made with locally available ingredients. 
5
How is the picture of our Milky Way galaxy taken from the outside if we are inside the galaxy?
gyvbygb
6
What are some ways to show respect to your aging parents?
A son took his elderly father to a nice restaurant for dinner.While eating, the old father spilled food on his clothes several times.Other people eating in the restaurant were looking at the old man with hatered, but his son was calm.After eating, the son took the old man to the washroom without any shame.Cleaned his clothes, cleaned his face, combed his hair, put on glasses, and then brought him outside.
7
What animal is way bigger than what the average person thinks it is?
nice bro
8
hat is your name
my name is bhowmik
9
what is you name
my name is bhowmik
10
jlj
78090
11
What is the nation bird of India?
peacock is the national bird of India
